# Agriculture-crop-management-system
The agricultural crop management system provides its users and researches to get online information about, the crop. Admin can delete the Crops and crop details. User can retrieve required details from the database, and User can send any crop details. If the crop or detail is incorrect or changes to be done Admin can delete any crop from the database and update with new details.  ACMS then offers link to external site regarding modern agricultural techniques where user can see about considerable improvement and advancement in farming. This comes as a result of the increase in the demand for sustainability and achievement of food security goals. In addition, technology as found its way in farming leading to the introduction of technological approaches in farming that has led to immense changes in way people farm nowadays  The Agriculture Crop Management System is gaining more importance as the number of its users is increasing rapidly. As the number is rising there is a need of effective management of Crop Details, one such effective system is our Agriculture Management System its designed using HTML and CSS for frontend and SQLITE3 as backend database. The actions like login, register, add, delete, retrieve are provided. The Agriculture Crop Management System stores the details like User_ID, Name, Phone No, Email, of the users who visits. The details of crops like Crop_name, sl_no, soiltype, duration, fertilizer, insecticide are stored in the are entered and stored.
